(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
Hey.
Please come quickly.
Ban Do, come quickly.
I really need to go now.
Please, Detective.
- Please, I need to go. - Stop it.
Let me go. Let me go!
Why do you do this all the time?
Because of you...
she died before she had a chance to look at me one last time.
Sometimes your heart may get tangled not because it's someone's fault,
but because of a situation.
(Eat.)
I'll use the one spoonful chance.
- Come on. - No.
What's that?
Should I not use it?
Honey.
You're home.
- Yes, I am. - Did you have dinner?
Not yet. I'm hungry.
Go wash up. I'll prepare something.
Okay.
By the way, what should we do for Father's birthday?
Is it his birthday already?
What should we do?
Back then...
instead of ignoring and neglecting our problems...
and relying on the saying "time heals all wounds",
we should have untangled...
our knotted hearts one by one.
Let's get a divorce.
We're too unhappy together.
I am unimaginably unhappy.
Let's get divorced.
Let's get a divorce.
Let's get divorced!
Before the huge...
tangled ball of yarn swallows us whole...
one day.
(Episode 11: Knotted Hearts Grow When We Ignore and Neglect Them)
(Grapes)
What is this?
Grapes.
I know that.
Why...
am I like this?
Why can't I...
do anything right?
I...
have always been sincere.
I always tried my best.
But like today, 10 years earlier,
everything is a mess.
I've tried so hard...
so that I could lead a happy life.
Why do I always have to be sorry?
Why am I always apologizing?
I missed my mother-in-law...
just as much as you did.
I missed my mother-in-law just as much as you did.
What's this about?
Mom.
Mother-in-law?
You look young,
but you must be married.
Anyway, why are you crying?
And you?
You're not...
How do you know him?
No, it's not what you think.
Come on, Mom.
Don't think anything weird.
It's not like that.
There's nothing between us.
Really, there is nothing.
It's because...
something bad happened to a friend of his from school.
Right?
Mom, let's go in.
Let's go inside.
Did you eat?
Pardon?
Mom.
Why did you invite him in?
You said he was your friend.
He helped me the other day.
How can I just send him home when it's dinner time?
He said he was hungry too.
Please allow me to marry Jin Joo, sir.
No!
She's still young and has her whole future ahead of her.
Dad.
Let us get married.
We must get married.
There's a reason to get married.
A reason?
You're young. It's not like you're pregnant...
Why you...
You're crazy.
You're insane.
- You're crazy. - No.
- No! No, it's not that! - You're mad!
Come here, you!
- Hey! - Why did you say that nonsense?
It's not that.
I want to be with him every day.
Why you...
- Gosh. - Mother.
- Mother. - Come out here.
- Just let us get married. - Jin Joo.
No.
- Goodness. - Father.
Mother.
This is for you.
You don't have to do this again.
It's okay. You keep it.
You worked hard for this money. Why do you keep giving it to me?
This is why I work hard. It makes me happy...
to give you spending money.
If you don't take this,
I'll be upset.
Goodness.
Okay.
Thank you, Ban Do.
Thank you so much.
- Please keep it a secret. - Okay.
- I got it. - Ban Do.
Yes, Father. I'm coming.
Okay.
Someone up there must've been jealous...
of Eun Sook and my marriage.
If I had known this would happen,
we would've fought a little.
I'm glad...
I have a son-in-law.
I couldn't even cry...
in front of my daughters.
Thank you, Ban Do.
Name?
It's Choi Ban Do.
Age?
I'm 20 years old.
Are you drunk?
- What? - Gosh.
Is this an investigation?
We're eating together because he helped me...
and also because I had misunderstood him.
It's fine.
Don't mind him, and eat up.
This is what we eat on a daily basis,
so there's not much to eat.
Thank you.
Thank you, Mrs. Go.
I went to the market to cook braised spicy chicken that you like,
but there wasn't any chicken left.
This is more than enough.
If you cook meals like this for me constantly,
I'll come here every day.
He's really good at flattery.
It's not. I mean it.
All right. All right. Eat up.
Thanks.
Jin Joo, here.
My daughters won't eat this if I don't bone the fish for them.
I washed my hands. Is that all right?
Yes.
All right. Eat up.
I missed...
my mother-in-law just as much as you did.
I missed my mother-in-law just as much as you did!
- Why aren't you eating? - What?
Eat slowly, and don't get an upset stomach again.
Mom, it's all right. You should eat this.
You should eat it.
- Mom. - You should eat this too.
- Here. - Gosh.
- Eat up. - Okay.
I can eat on my own.
- I made this recently. - Okay.
Eat up.
- Is it delicious? - Yes.
- Eat. - Eat.
- Thank you for the meal. - You're welcome.
I didn't prepare much today,
but I'll cook something nice if you visit again.
What do you like?
Sorry?
He likes braised spicy chicken.
Braised spicy chicken?
I am really good at it.
You should visit again.
Yes.
Why did you see him out? He's not your son-in-law.
Just.
I've seen him a few times,
but he makes he feel sorry for him whenever I see him.
The way he looks at me...
He looks at me the same way that Jin Joo looks at me recently.
That's bizarre.
Maybe they're seeing each other.
You know the tanned one, right?
I don't like him.
Have you ever liked anyone? Gosh.
Maybe he's my lost son.
Gosh, I can't even joke around you.
Lost son, my foot.
Have you decided to live carelessly now that you've become younger?
What happened?
Why didn't you tell me?
Doctor Park.
You could've been in trouble.
Where did you hear that?
Nothing happened. It's fine.
You were right.
I wasn't there...
whenever you needed me.
You were right.
I thought I was always there to protect you.
I now understand why you were unhappy.
I didn't ask you to protect me.
You didn't need to protect me.
You just had to be by my side.
You didn't need to try to feed me.
You just had to eat with me.
You should have cried with me...
and shared my sorrow.
I'm home.
Guess what I bought for you.
Ta-da! I bought the pork slices that you like.
Stay right there.
I'll change my clothes and prepare it for you.
All right? Stay right there.
Even though it's been a while,
I can't seem to be able to forget it.
I know it wasn't your fault.
I know that you couldn't help it.
That's why...
I tried to stop myself...
whenever I felt like blaming you.
But why did you...
act so carelessly?
Why were you so careless...
to the extent that my sorrow felt like nothing?
That was when it started.
That was when we started growing apart.
You should have looked into me.
You should have hugged me.
You should have...
cried with me.
It's meaningless...
now.
I wanted to make you laugh.
I...
was really sorry to you and your mother.
I couldn't do anything.
I thought...
it was the only thing I could do then.
I didn't want to make you cry.
I wanted to make you laugh.
I just wanted you to laugh.
Why didn't you...
tell me about this earlier?
Gosh, I'm hungry. I'm hungry.
Let's eat.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Why is the soup so salty?
Why is this salty? It's not.
What are you talking about? I can feel the salt.
Why is the rice so salty?
Wait.
What is this?
Why is my food so salty?
Gosh, woman.
What? What is it now? Why are you angry now?
What wrong with her?
It must have been you.
Think carefully about what you might have done wrong.
You must have some idea.
You've lived with her for 26 years.
I wouldn't know what she was thinking...
even if I lived with her for 100 years.
If you're angry, you need to tell me that you are...
in order for me to know.
You wanted to eat out during lunch,
so we ate outside and all.
Why on earth are you angry?
Tell me what it is. Just say it.
Do I have to spell it out?
Of course. It's not like I can read your mind.
How would I know?
We went out to eat and did everything.
I wanted to eat out because I didn't want to...
eat home cooking.
But...
you took me to a home cooking restaurant,
you cheap old man!
Wait, what?
Then you should've said that you want something else.
You haven't said a word until this moment...
Do I have to spell out every single thing for you?
Are you an idiot?
Of course.
How would I know what's on your mind if you don't tell me?
People say, feelings are meant to be expressed.
What will you do with your mouth?
Is your mouth meant to be used just for eating?
You're unbelievable.
What's gotten into Ban Do recently?
And where on earth is Jae Woo?
This is the problem with men.
They throw out their friends like a useless can when they date.
Hey.
You're a can.
Were you thrown out as well?
Oh, my gosh.
What on earth are you looking at?
- Darn it. - Are you okay?
Who was that?
Go Dok Jae, you.
I'm sorry.
Darn it, why did that hit the fat guy?
Are you insane?
You did that on purpose, didn't you?
What?
Why would I do that to you on purpose?
Darn it, I was already feeling down today.
I should just beat you up!
Be careful.
- I'll kill you. - I'm sorry.
Darn it.
Darn it, you fat pig.
Take this. And this.
You punk!
You're the best.
The best. You're the best.
Go Dok Jae!
You're home.
Yes.
I thought you were seeing him off to the mart.
What took you so long?
Hey.
Did he bring that for us?
Or maybe he forgot to take it.
No.
It's for you.
- Me? - Yes.
I...
was really sorry to you and your mother.
I couldn't do anything.
I didn't want to make you cry.
I wanted to make you laugh.
I just wanted you to laugh.
You should have looked into me.
You should have hugged me.
You should have...
cried with me.
One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Jae Woo.
If you don't have the talent, you can always quit.
Do you have to do this?
How dare you criticize me?
You aren't any good either.
It's not that, just look at yourself.
Your body isn't fit for this.
Even if you try this for life,
you'll never get it.
What about you?
Go over there, and do it.
You're making me look bad.
Darn it.
Attention, everyone.
Class of '99, gather around.
It's finally...
the time for the National Cheerleading Competition.
The pride of your school is at stake,
so class of '99, make sure you're ready for the competition.
- Yes. - That's all.
Bo Reum, you'll definitely be the center.
Come on.
You didn't have to state the obvious.
This means there will be a fierce competition...
to become your partner to be at the center.
Look, Byeong Gyu. He's good.
Hey, Yong Taek.
He can definitely stand in the center with his talent.
Thanks.
Hey.
Why aren't you mentioning my dear Jae Woo?
He can't even get the basic moves right.
She's right.
He won't even pass the preliminaries.
Work is work.
Hey!
What if he does make it?
Don't judge a book by its cover.
- Okay. - Okay.
Are you sure the director is coming?
Yes, I told you.
Anyway, we should totally embarrass him today.
Okay, then.
A school isn't a playground.
Director Jung must resign.
- Resign, resign! - Resign, resign!
This isn't a school.
Director Jung must resign.
- Resign, resign! - Resign, resign!
A director who ignores...
the will of students must resign.
- Resign, resign! - Resign, resign!
Come, and watch us.
Of course.
Of course, I'll be there.
It's tomorrow.
Park Hyun Seok!
Hey, I'm so sorry.
Something important came up on my way to the show.
I'm sorry.
Don't worry about it. I'm messing with you.
Why would I wait for you?
You didn't wait for me?
I'm not a fool.
Why would I wait for a guy who doesn't even like me?
Goodness.
Look at you.
You aren't denying that.
I just wanted to give it to you.
I mean,
I got a new hobby thanks to you.
I was thankful.
I'm relieved...
That you didn't wait around.
So, did the show go well?
I was really curious about it.
Of course.
Most ballerinas can't stay in the industry for long,
so when it comes time to retire,
they get nervous and depressed.
I figured in about 20 years,
I can do this.
I think that might be a better time for me.
There's always a way out in life.
You'll find something else to do after you retire.
Let's take it easy.
You should take it easy.
You don't even know where your heart is.
Wait, are you trying to ignore it?
What do you mean?
You like that girl, Jin Joo.
I could completely see through you.
You always look at me like you're my dad,
but when you look at her, your eyes turn into hearts.
Hey, you're the only one who has no idea.
Oh, and her, maybe.
- Resign, resign! - Resign, resign!
A director who ignores the will of students must resign.
They're protesting.
- Resign, resign! - Resign, resign!
(Director Jung Gi Do must resign.)
The director?
- Director Jung must resign. - Director...
- Resign, resign! - Resign, resign!
Director Jung must resign.
Are you hurt?
Oh, no. I'm fine.
You can go ahead. I need a second.
What's wrong...
She won't give me a chance.
- Resign, resign! - Resign, resign!
Resign, resign!
Director Jung must resign.
- Resign, resign! - Resign, resign!
- Resign! - Leave!
- Resign! - Resign!
- Leave! - Resign!
My goodness, what is he going to do?
Oh, my goodness.
- Resign! - Resign!
- Leave! - Resign!
Hey...
Go.
- Resign! - Resign!
Don't go near them.
My gosh, what will he do? Just go!
- Resign! - Resign!
Goodness, why are they taking things so far?
His son shouldn't have to see that.
What will he do now?
Goodness.
- Resign! - Resign!
- Director Jung must resign. - Resign, resign!
- Resign, resign! - Resign, resign!
- Goodness. - Resign, resign!
Did you eat?
Let's have lunch together.
- Director Jung must resign. - Resign, resign!
- Resign, resign! - Resign, resign!
Goodness.
(Director Jung, we demand explanations.)
How can he hide his feelings so well when he's so young?
Why aren't you eating?
I'll eat yours then.
Sure. Go ahead.
You don't know how to express your feelings, do you?
- What? - You should say you're hurt,
you're sad, and you're angry.
But you don't seem to talk about how you feel.
Nobody can worry about you if you don't.
Why?
Will you start worrying about me?
Nobody worries about me,
so I'm okay.
Goodness.
Go slowly.
What are you doing?
Gosh, can't you stop clinging to me?
- Gosh. - Please shield me.
If that fat brown bear finds me, he'll kill me.
I gave him the finger right to his face.
You crazy punk. You'll be dead soon.
Why are you looking so serious?
Isn't that Jin Joo?
Where?
- Go Dok Jae! - Gosh.
He scared me.
You better kneel down and beg for forgiveness.
That's not the way to... Hey! Don't go!
Ban Do, sit down.
Please save me. Don't go.
Tell him you got a draft notice.
What draft notice? Are you crazy? Hey!
Hi. We have to talk, don't we?
I'm sorry. I wasn't thinking back then.
You weren't thinking?
You should've been. Why weren't you thinking?
Well...
I... I got a draft notice.
Draft notice?
No. Not a draft notice...
Well... I...
I'm sorry.
Let's go drink.
Pardon?
If you keep looking at me like that, I'll be attracted to you.
This is called a mother's smile. I'm not trying to attract you.
Got it?
You're really...
Nam Gil.
You're here.
I got here as soon as I got a call from Mr. Kim.
What happened?
Is everything okay?
Yes, he'll be fine.
You can go see him.
Bye.
I wasn't...
asking about your father.
I was asking about you.
I came here because I was worried about you.
Are you okay?
I guess he has two mothers.
But he said he didn't have any.
(Natural Sciences)
647...
647 is...
not here.
Is it on loan?
("Is Everything Determined?" by Stephen Hawking)
Are you looking for this? Time slip?
I was just curious.
I don't think you need to read it.
I read it, and it wasn't useful.
I see.
I was just a bit curious,
but I guess I don't have to read it.
I'll get going then.
Okay.
What? What is it?
Those punks.
Let's just go. Why are we hiding?
It'd be weird to go out now.
Well, I think it's sweet.
Just wait. They'll leave soon.
Goodness.
Hey.
Why aren't you mentioning my dear Jae Woo?
He can't even get the basic moves right.
She's right.
He won't even pass the preliminaries.
Work is work.
Please listen.
(Asura)
I'm not going to do this.
I won't do it. I give up!
I give up. I give up!
Discipline is the most important to a soldier.
As long as you're disciplined, you'll have it easy.
Discipline! I'll keep that in mind.
Dok Jae. Each religion offers different snacks.
Some give you 2 chocolate pies, and some give you 1.
You should keep that in check.
- Yes, sir. - Hey. Just hang in there.
You'll be discharged one day.
Of course. You can't be called a real Korean man...
until you have served in the military.
Gosh, Dok Jae. You're the man.
- Drink up. - Let's drink.
They'll find out soon if I don't join the army.
Should I cut my hair?
No, not my hair.
Well, they didn't kill me today.
I'll worry about it tomorrow.
All right.
Hello?
- Hi, Mom. - Dok Jae.
Your draft notice came in the mail.
What are you talking about? Why so early?
I just turned 20.
It's because you were born in the beginning of the year.
Are you serious?
Dok Jae. Come here.
- Quickly. - Come.
Okay.
There.
I've never seen a guy stay so normal after getting drafted.
- You aren't even crying. - You're right.
Drink up.
It's okay.
I'm going.
Ma Jin Joo.
What?
The ring mark...
Yes?
Since when did you have it?
Since I came here.
Hello.
I'm looking for a ring.
There has to be a line inside.
Is this all you have?
It's not this one.
Hello.
This one?
It's a simple one.
A simple one?
Is this all you have?
Thank you.
This must be it.
Please.
I'm looking for a ring.
The ring...
This looks pretty.
Let's choose this one.
- This one? - Yes.
- Do you want to see this one? - Yes.
Seo Jin.
Were you sleeping?
I'm going out for a walk. I was going to ask you to join me.
You should go back to sleep.
It's fine, Mom. Let's go.
Wait.
[VIU Ver] E11 Go Back Couple
"Knotted Hearts Grow When We Ignore and Neglect Them"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I like being in your arms the most.
Goodness.
Why are you so adorable these days?
- Let's go. - All right.
Why aren't you eating?
Eat slowly, and don't get an upset stomach again.
Eat this too.
No, you should eat it.
Eat this.
I'll eat on my own.
Eat up.
I can eat on my own.
Eat.
It's delicious.
Where to?
- Let's go to the park. - Shall we?
- Yes. - All right.
Nam Gil's stepmother must be nice...
to him.
I guess so.
But he's too young to realize that.
Maybe it's because of his real mom.
Isn't he older than you?
Yes.
Yes, he is.
He's too focused on his real mother...
that he doesn't see the person who really cares for him.
But he's still young. He must have been hurt...
after his parents got divorced.
What?
Mom.
If I got married, but then got divorced,
what would you say?
I won't let you get married to someone you'd get divorced with.
Do you think...
I always like your father?
He wouldn't always like me.
If I think that way,
I feel like that's how things usually are.
You can't make everything right.
You're right.
The other person would have things they don't like about me too.
You?
You have a weird personality.
Nowadays, you are much better.
If you were there,
would my life have gotten better?
Why are you saying that next to me?
Nothing in life is easy.
You have to go through trials and errors in life.
What are you looking at?
What?
Are you looking down on me too?
Are you? Are you?
Are you looking down on me?
Go away.
Don't do that.
I'm a person too!
- Hey! - Gosh.
Let me go.
Just because I'm struggling to live my life,
do I look worthless to you?
- Gosh. - Oh, my.
I'm...
a...
person too!
I'm not a dog!
What...
more can I do!
It's really hard for me.
Don't look down on me.
Gosh, I'm trying!
- Gosh, what am I supposed to do? - He must really be hurt.
Gosh.
I'm trying!
What more can I do?
What more...
Do you...
know what I have to deal with?
It's like I'm less than a dog.
I'm treated like I'm worthless.
Do you know...
how I live?
Why am I like this?
I...
have always been sincere.
I always tried my best.
I've tried so hard.
Why do I always have to be sorry?
Why am I always apologizing?
Don't look down on me!
I'm trying my best!
I'm...
I'm trying too.
I am.
Why aren't you coming inside?
Mom.
You won't let me get married to someone weird, right?
Even if I beg you,
you'll choose my husband, right?
Of course.
I can't let you get married to someone weird because you begged.
I'm going to choose someone nice for you to get married.
Someone who won't make you cry.
Mom, you should go inside.
I need to go and see someone.
Hey, Jin Joo!
Goodness.
I didn't want to make you cry.
I wanted to make you laugh.
I just wanted you to laugh.
He's too focused on his real mother...
that he doesn't see the person who really cares for him.
Hello?
Where are you?
What?
I'm crying.
Should I cry by myself again?
Don't cry.
I'll be there.
I'll be there. Stay right there.
What is it?
Thank you.
Thank you for saving Jin Joo.
I sincerely thank you.
What's he saying?
What was that?
Why is he grateful?
- He's running out. - No.
Wait.
Jun Su! Jun Su!
Ma Jin Joo!
Oh, no...
Ban Do. No...
Stay with me, Ban Do.
Honey!
No. No...
No. Get up. Get up!
No.
No, no...
Seo Jin, I'm your daddy.
I'll protect you for life.
(Ma Jin Joo)
I mean it.
Honey.
Get up.
Get up!
Get up, honey.
Honey.
Back then, if I knew...
everything I know now,
maybe...
we wouldn't have to be here now.
(Epilogue)
You don't have to get out. You should go home.
Okay. Good night.
Bye. Thanks.
Hey, it's you.
What are you doing here?
Why are you home so late?
You left before us.
We didn't make a stop anywhere. That's odd.
And why do you get into a strange man's car like that?
He just got his driving license. What if he gets into an accident?
It's too dangerous.
You're worried over nothing.
Goodness.
So do you feel less frustrated...
after you've seen the ocean?
Yes.
It's been forever since I've been on a trip.
I don't even remember when the last time was.
Maybe that's the case with us.
What is?
We might be here...
for a short trip.
Like a vacation.
That makes sense.
Those up there may have taken pity on us...
and have sent us here on a vacation.
What a spectacle journey.
But you know what?
- What? - A trip...
can only be a trip if you can return.
I mean, if you don't go back, that means you moved there.
Settling down.
(Go Back Couple)
(Court)